NMS-14453: JdbcQueryDetector documentation (#5037)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/provisioning/detectors/JdbcQueryDetector.adoc

= JDBC Query Detector

The JDBCQueryDetector connects to a JDBC-enabled database and checks the result of a user-specified SQL query.
The result of the stored procedure must be a Boolean value (representing `true` or `false`).

> If the result is `true`, it returns the `detected` value.
> If the result is `false`, it returns the `not detected` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the query returns a result, the detector returns the `detected` value.
If the query does not return a result, the detector returns the `not detected` value.
```

== Detector facts

[options="autowidth"]
|===
| Implementation | `org.opennms.netmgt.provision.detector.jdbc.JdbcQueryDetector`
|===

== Configuration and use

The JDBCQueryDetector uses the xref:reference:provisioning/detectors.adoc#ref-detector-provisioning-common-parameters[common configuration parameters].

.Parameters for the JDBCQueryDetector
[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,4,1"]
|===
| Parameter
| Description
| Default value

3+| *Required*

| dbDriver
| Database driver class name.
| org.postgresql.Driver

| password
| JDBC password.
| Empty String object.

| query
| The SQL query to be checked.
| Empty String object.

| url
| JDBC URL to query.
Note: this URL can differ based on JDBC drivers, databases, and so on.
| `jdbc:postgresql://localhost/opennms`

| user
| JDBC username.
| postgres

3+| *Optional*

| port
| Port to query.
| 3306
|===

== Database driver
The JDBCQueryDetector requires a JDBC driver to communicate with any database.

> Since {page-component-title} uses a PostgreSQL database, the PostgreSQL JDBC driver is included out of the box.

Author: Since this is the same verbiage as in the other JCDB detector pages, do we want to change this around?

> Since {page-component-title} uses a PostgreSQL database, the PostgreSQL JDBC driver is included out of the box.

Reviewer 2: We probably should. The "since" guideline from the style guide was fresh in my mind, so we shouldn't use "since" in this context.

> Since {page-component-title} uses a PostgreSQL database, the PostgreSQL JDBC driver is included out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PostgreSQL JDBC driver is included out of the box.
```

> Since {page-component-title} uses a PostgreSQL database, the PostgreSQL JDBC driver is included out of the box.

Author: I'll go through the other JDBC documents and update this as well, so those will be added in my next commit.
